[Slow instrumental music
Plays 1
[Telephones ringing]
[Static]
Everybody, right back to it.
-- Who's on Indy?
-- Right here.
-- Cut footage in five minutes.
Can you do it? -- Yes. Kim?
-- I'm gonna need sound.
-- We'll get it.
-- Kim, they've still got 10
minutes of copy. -- I'm on it.
Thank you. No-huddle offense,
everybody!
Dave, is there time
for a camera test?
You gotta run a quick one,
but I need the first team.
Kim, first team.
-- Chris, can you get with graphics?
-- On it,
-- Will?
-- Control room.
Yes!
-- What are you doing?
-- What? -- What?
-- What are you two doing?
-- Us?
-- Yes.
-- We're standing here.
Guys, we're on the air
in 15 minutes and 30 seconds.
Aren't there many things
you're supposed to be doing?
-- Yes.
-- Then what are you doing?
There was a bomb scare.
-- I know. Casey...
-- There was a bomb scare.
Did you know the two of you
have been repeating that
over and over for the last
hour and 20 minutes?
-- Do you know you've been repeating
that over and over? -- Yes.
-- Why? -- There was a
bomb scars -- There was'.!
-- It's over now.
-- Well, it worked.
-- We're scared.
-- Casey!
Dana, somebody just tried
to blow up this building,
and you people
are walking around
like somebody didn't just try
to blow up this building.
Nobody tried
to blow up the building.
They threatened
Oh, please.
Get to work.
Was this just
the herd instinct,
or did we actually get an “all
olear“ from someone in authority?
-- They didn't find the bomb.
-- This is a huge building.
They searched for
an hour and 20 minutes.
I can't find my car keys
in an hour and 20 minutes.
They have very advanced ways
of detecting these things.
-- Do they?
-- Yes.
Two, four, six on a hard
count -- bam, bam, bam.
Dave: Got it.
-- Well, what are they?
-- What are what? -- What are the advanced
ways they have of detecting these things?
W-W-What are
the advanced ways?
Well, as I understand it,
[Clears throat] they use dogs.
-- I'm out of here.
-- Right behind you.
-- Oh, get ahold of yourselves,
would you? -- Dogs?
Dogs, yes,
specially trained dogs.
-- We want to meet them.
-- Guys.
We want to meet the dogs
right now.
Okay, and what will you say to
the dogs when you meet them?
-- She's got a decent point.
-- Yeah.
-- Pittsburgh put Steve Boyer and Randy
McNea! on waivers. -- That's a story.
Yes, it is. Don't you
think that's a story?
Yeah. You know
what else is a story?
-- That somebody tried to blow us up?
-- Yeah.
These two
are the biggest babies.
Hey, you're afraid of fish,
okay,
and I'm afraid of dying
in a hail of shrapnel.
-- Who's crazier?
Natalie." There's a contest.
Dana: McNeal and Boyer
in the 30s.
Get paintbox
on an over-the-shoulder.
Thank you. Fellas,
you got 10 minutes of copy,
and you got to get
into wardrobe.
We're just saying,
did they look hard?
Like, did they look at the bottom
drawer of our filing cabinet?
-- We never use that drawer. -- Every/thing's
fine. Jeremy, isn't everything fine?
-- Yes.
-- Everything's fine.
-- How do you know? -- Jeremy just told me.
Chris, get me Salt Lake.
-- Jeremy.
-- They use dogs.
Do you know
what a bomb looks like?
Actually, I don't.
-- Does anyone? Chris?
-- No.
-- Will? Dave? -- No. -- No.?
But we're betting a German
shepherd can pick one out.
-- They smell them.
-- They smell them?
-- Yes. Chris?
Chris: Salt Lake's up.
-- They're trained in this?
-- Yes. Dave?
Camera three to mark.
-- Well-trained?
-- What?
-- Their sense of smell
-- it's superior? -- Yes.
Let's see one through five, and
I need Cincinnati. Dan, Casey --
Dan: Uh, quick question.
-- What?
These dogs --
do they ever get a cold?
Chris: Cincinnati's up.
-- No. No.
-- They don't?
-- Never?
-- No.
What are you, a vet?
Please!
Is there anyone who can say
anything that will make us feel
like the smart thing to do is to
stay in this building right now?
In 10 minutes, 3 1/2 million
people will tune in
to watch the two of you
on television.
Many of them will be women.
-- All right.
-- Okay.
10 minutes live.
Alan, thanks for holding.
I'm in Isaac's office.
I know I saw it on his desk.
[Knock on door]
It's gonna be
in, uh, outline form,
but he's kept me pretty well up
to speed on it, so I think --
The deficit overlay?
That sounds fine.
We can meet at 4:00
if you like.
No, wait, I'm sorry.
I've got a rundown at 4:00.
We can meet at 6:30.
Good. Thanks.
I spoke to him
just this morning.
He sounds awfully good.
Yes, I spoke to him
just this morning.
I will. [ Laughs]
Thanks.
You spoke to Isaac
this morning?
No, I spoke to Esther.
Isaac couldn't --
He was unable to come
to the phone when I called.
Was there any sign
of this?
Sign of what?
Of Isaac having a stroke --
was there any sign of this?
-- VVas there any sign of Isaac
having a stroke... -- Yes.
Other than Isaac
having a stroke?
Dana, it's unbecoming of you to
blame me for any part of this.
It's a shame, J.J., 'cause I want
so much to be attractive to you.
You know, we're going to
have to work together.
Yes, I know.
For instance, I can help you
with the deficit overlay.
Isaac kept me up to speed.
And if you want to create the impression
that Isaac's healthier than he is --
for instance, if you want
to create the impression
that Isaac's still
in control of the show
when olearly he's unable to
even speak on the telephone --
I can help you there, too.
He wasn't able to come to the phone
when I called this morning, J.J.
He's able to speak.
He just had a stroke, Dana.
Where was he,
square-dancing?
-- What do you want?
-- Excuse me?
What do you want?
I want to do my job. I want
to help you, which is my job,
and I want to do it all
without being treated
like the guy who just ran over
your dog. How's that?
That's fine.
Look, you can't run
the organization
and run the show
at the same time.
I don't have to run
the organization.
He can't talk
on the telephone, Dana.
Right now, today.
I'm saying, right now, today, give some
of your responsibilities to Sally.
-- What's wrong with Natalie? --
We have more confidence in Sally.
-- I have more confidence in Natalie.
-- Be that as it may.
You want me to run
the organization
but let the network
make all the decisions?
-- I want you and I to work together to
ensure that the network doesn't... -- what?
Feel the need
to bring in --
-- An interim managing editor?
-- Yes.
-- There's no need to do that.
-- I agree.
That is a bad move.
That is a wrong call.
And I'll stand in Luther's
office and tell him.
That's a wrong call.
Luther could give a damn
what you think
is a wrong call, Dana.
He cares what I think
is a wrong call,
so don't sit there and think
that I need you to like me.
I'm telling you
the way it is.
-- He'!-
This is weird 'cause this is exactly
where our office used to be.
We can continue this
in the conference room.
So, J.J., yesterday
was interesting.
How so?
-- How so?
-- Yes.
Well, McKinney had 41 points
against the Clippers,
the Diamondbacks won
their fourth in a row...
And then there was that thing where
somebody tried to blow us up.
-- Don't take it personally. -- No,
I think I will take it personally.
The bomb threat was a hoax.
-- What was it about?
-- Denny Denton.
-- What about him? -- They
don't iike his radio show.
I don't like
his radio show, either.
-- You know what I do?
Change the station. -- What?
Would that the world were
as enlightened as you, Dan.
-- Oh, were that it would.
-- Were.
-- What?
-- Never mind.
Thank you. When can I see
rough features?
-- Two hours.
-- Let's go.
Uh, Dana?
[Telephone ringing]
Esther said he's doing
a little better today.
I'll call in a little bit.
Dan: You all right?
Yeah.
With him?
[Laughs ] Yeah.
[Telephone ringing]
So, we're two
likable guys, right?
-- I think so. -- I think
we're very likable.
-- I'm liked wherever I go. -- I'm liked
wherever I go and wherever you go.
We're perfectly likable.
Yes.
[Sighs]
And yet somebody
tried to blow us up.
That's what I'm saying.
-- Does this include Seattle? -- Yes.
It does. -- No. It doesn't.
-- The film from last night?
-- Yes.
-- Seattle? It does.
-- Yes. It does.
-- It doesn't.
-- Dave?
Hey, Betty, Wilma --
is Seattle on the tape?
[Knocking on glass]
Excuse me.
-- Hey.
-- Hi.
Good news -- Pluto isn't
being demoted as a planet.
I need to talk to you.
Can we go in the editing room?
-- Sure.
-- Thanks.
Uh, it was gonna be demoted
as a planet.
It was gonna receive
minor-planet status,
but apparently there was
an outpouring of protest.
Doesn't the whole thing
strike you as funny?
What I'm gonna say might well
seem abrupt and terrible,
but when I say it, I want you to
remember that the key word --
the key word --
is "temporarily."
"Temporarily"
is the key word,
so there's not gonna be any reason
to be upset or unhappy, okay?
I think we should
temporarily -- temporarily --
stop seeing each other.
Okay.
-- I'm serious.
-- I know.
-- I think we should temporarily
stop seeing each other. -- Okay.
-- I'm serious.
-- I know.
-- Why are you not unhappy?
-- I don't acknowledge it.
-- You don't acknowledge it? -- I don't
recognize the breakup. I'm sorry.
-- No, you can't not recognize it.
You can't! -- I am. I did.
-- Natalie, this is a very hard
time right now. -- I know.
-- My head is coming apart.
-- I know.
I need to be able
to get my life in order,
to say nothing of what's
going on with Isaac.
I mean, this is a good time to
give Dana everything we've got.
-- I know. -- We need to
stop seeing each other.
No.
Wait.
I break up with you.
Hmm, not this time.
-- No. I gotta go back to work.
-- Natalie, this is unilateral!
I don't need you to sign off on
this in order for it to be valid!
Sweetie, if it makes you feel
better to break up with me,
that's fine, but I don't
break up with you.
It doesn't work like that!
It's working like that
right now.
-- Does or does not the film
contain Seattle? -- Hang on!
-- It does. -- It does.
-- Apparently, it does.
-- I'm not kidding, Natalie! I'm totally
serious! -- Would you guys like us to step out?
-- No. Jeremy's trying to break up with
me, but it won't take. -- Natalie!
Quiet.
Show me Seattle.
Hey, Dan.
What do you say, Phil?
Celia, you're a knockout.
[Knocking to
"Shave and a Haircut" ]
Hey.
-- How you doin'? -- Before I
get mad at you, how is Isaac?
-- His blood pressure's normal.
-- Oh, that's something.
-- Why are you mad at me? -- Why were
you avoiding me during the bomb scare?
-- I wasn't avoiding you.
-- You were.
We were out on the street for over an hour.
It was a perfectly good bomb scare.
-- I tried to find you.
-- No, you didn't,
and every time I tried to
find you, someone would say
you had just left the place that someone else
had just said you had been right before.
-- That was a truly spectacular sentence.
-- Danny...
It was a bomb scare, Rebecca.
I was serpentining.
I was employing the covert
ordinance tactics that I learned.
Where did you learn
covert ordinance tactics?
'Nam.
-- You're avoiding me.
-- Yes.
-- No, you are.
-- I just admitted it.
-- You are, Danny.
-- I'm saying I am.
Why are you avoiding me?
-- Why?
-- Yeah.
Take a wild, flailing
shot in the dark.
Take a ridiculous,
nothing-on-the-line,
"Hail Mary toss
in the backcourt" heave
as to why I might be
avoiding you.
'Cause you thought
Steve and I were divorced
when, in reality,
we're only separated,
and Steve wants us to go
back into counseling,
and I'm on the fence about it,
and you hate Steve?
-- That's amazing.
-- Dan --
That's amazing that you got it
on the first guess like that.
I'm gonna take you on tour. We're
gonna make some money, me and you.
I'm thinking about it. I'm thinking about
going back into counseling with Steve.
I never said
we needed to stop dating.
I will absolutely not stand in the
way of another man's marriage.
Then what are you
doing here?
What am I doing here?
Yes.
I came to say hi.
Hi.
[Laughs]
No kidding.
I know you were looking
for me yesterday,
but I reaffirm my position
that I'm here for you,
but it'd be wrong
for us to date.
But it should be noted
that I'm here for you.
Where?
Here.
So your strategy for this
is to be wonderful.
-- Yes.
-- Listen...
-- You know why?
-- Why?
It works every time.
-- Hey, Dan.
-- Hey, Stuart.
[Snaps fingers]
Gotta go.
[Sighs deeply]
Sally, I hope this won't disrupt
things too much on the 2:00 AJVI.
It won't.
-- It's just for a week or so.
-- I understand.
-- Just till Isaac gets better.
-- I'm just surprised.
-- Are you? -- Surprised
that you asked me.
-- Why? -- I would've thought that
you'd have more confidence in Natalie.
-- No.
-- I'd have thought you would.
[Laughs] No.
-- Good news.
-- What?
-- Pluto's still a planet. -- It was
touch-and-go there for a while?
Don't underestimate Pluto. Pluto
doesn't know the word “quit.“
Natalie, in Isaac's absence,
I'm gonna have Sally assume
some of my functions
while I assume
some of Isaac's.
-- I had a hunch. Thanks for
helping out, Sally. -- Sure.
-- It's just till Isaac gets back.
-- Right.
-- And I'm talking about some of my
functions, not a lot, hardly any. -- Right.
I understand.
Casey: HEY-
Guys, I'm having Sally take over a
very small number of my functions.
-- That's fine.
-- Not many functions at all.
-- Could I say something, please?
-- Sure.
Natalie and I
have broken up.
-- We have!
-- In his head.
-- I put it in writing.
-- That's sweet.
All right, just so you know,
-- if I wanted to, right now, I
could ask out other women. -- No.
-- I could.
-- No.
Dana, would you like to
go outwith me?
-- I can't. You're seeing Natalie.
-- Why not?
That's it!
I'm calling the police!
We've got the whiparound
with what?
Baltimore, New York,
Boston.
Oakland, San Francisco,
and I.A.
Features?
Mike Richter, the Chinese swimmer,
and the Lakers' frontcourt.
-- Where are they?
-- 20, 50, and 60.
-- Where are we on time?
-- We're six minutes long.
Let's get it down to two by the 10:00.
That is all.
Natalie:
Back here at 10:00.
Hang on. I've been handed
some information I've requested
on, basically, what to do in the event
you think the building you're in
might blow up at any moment.
For instance, it says you should
stay away from unsecured walls
or open electrical wiring.
So, it's a good thing you and I don't
work in front of a fake backdrop,
over which hangs like a million
volts of electrical equipment.
-- Yeah.
-- Back here at 10:00.
[ Clears throat]
-- I need to talk to you.
-- Sure.
-- My mother and father are getting
a divorce. -- I know that.
My father's been having an affair
with another woman for 27 years.
-- I know that, too. -- That's
since before I was born.
And someone --
I'm not saying who --
has a little birthday
coming up.
Natalie, stop walking.
Nothing is the same anymore.
Many things are the same.
-- Natalie... -- I believe that
your decision-making skills
aren't the best right now.
I'm taking you
into receivership.
We're not broken up.
He can hear you,
though, right?
He understands
what you're saying?
Well, tell him
everything here is fine.
Tell him to watch the show.
Tell him everything is fine.
I wish he'd let me
do more, Esther.
All right. Goodbye.
Isaac's wife?
Yeah.
He's doing better today.
Good.
Sally, tell me you didn't
have anything to do
with Natalie getting
muscled to the side.
You know, for someone
I'm sleeping with,
sometimes you don't say
the nicest things to me.
I'm sorry.
There's gonna be
a press conference
after the owners meet
tonight in Tucson.
I can get you on the satellite
feed between 10:20 and 10:40.
-- Do you want it?
-- Yeah...
-- You got it.
-- but ask Natalie first.
I got a phone call,
Casey, that's all.
How many people know about us?
-- How many have you told?
-- I've told Dan.
-- Then that's how many know.
-- Okay.
Am I seeing you tonight?
Call me after your show.
Should I just come over?
Yeah, just come over.
Okay.
But talk to Natalie
about the other thing.
Okay.
I'm sorry about Isaac.
Thanks.
I mean, yeah, okay.
-- Hey, Dan.
-- Hey, Sally.
-- What the hell does that mean?
-- What?
No, I mean, what the hell
does that mean?
What the hell does what mean?
"Hey, Sally."
It meant, "Hey, Sally."
Okay, so did I just
totally come unglued?
Yeah.
Like to see it in you.
It's a tense time.
Glue's not gonna work.
Want to try it again?
Yeah.
Hey, Sally.
Hey, Dan.
There you go.
Thanks.
She's totally unglued.
-- We need to give that speech to
Dana and Natalie. -- What speech?
-- The "unglued" speech.
-- It wasn't a speech.
It was a talkin to, and we need
to give it to Dana and Natalie.
I've noticed
they're a little too calm.
-- Oh, they're way too calm.
-- Frighteningly calm.
-- They're gonna blow any second. --
I've been thinking the exact same thing.
We can't defuse
the explosives,
but we can detonate them
in an unpopulated area.
Drive it out to the desert,
where it can't hurt anybody.
That's right.
Now, if you've got
some calm people,
and you want to
make them upset,
-- I say we're the guys to do it.
-- Yeah.
-- Should we eat first?
[Door opens]
It's no problem, Alan.
He's got it here someplace.
Uh, listen...
I'm gonna find it,
and I'll call you back.
Thank you.
No, it's no problem.
[Laughs]
Oh.
Sally put together a Q&A
for the feed from Tucson.
Good.
Natalie,
it's what J.J. wanted.
He made a threat,
and I believed him.
It's okay.
This isn't a good time
to fight with the network.
I understand.
-- Thank you.
-- It's no problem.
Dan: It's no problem.
Casey: Don't worry about it.
-- Everything's fine.
-- Couldn't be better.
No big deal.
-- What's going on?
-- Well, let's see.
The building had to be
evacuated last night
because a group
of God-fearing people
said they didn't like Denny Dent0n's
impression of the son of God.
Why? Because Denny Denton
does him with a lisp.
My girlfriend, whom I've
grown quite fond of,
is thinking of going back
to her husband,
but that's just
'cause he treats her bad.
The only thing
in Jeremy's life
that makes him happy
right now is Natalie,
so he's decided this would be a
good time to get rid of Natalie.
The network's decided this is a
good time to show Dana who's boss,
so unless you do something in
lickety-split, his name's gonna be J.J.
And, 0h, yeah, Isaac's lying in a
bed at Columbia Pres with a stroke.
Anything else?
We got the satellite feed
from Tucson.
Then we're all set.
Good show, everybody.
Let's eat 'em up!
We're women.
What?
You're women.
-- Yes.
-- I have to say, Danny,
that in both their cases,
-- there's considerable evidence
to support that theory. -- Dana...
We're in charge.
We're women in charge,
and we're keeping it together.
That's what we do.
-- That's what you do?
-- That's right.
VVell, we're men. We're petrified.
That's what we do.
We found that giving into
our fears has made us stronger.
And not just a little
pathetic.
-- Right, mostly stronger.
-- Yeah.
So, if you're scared,
if you're sad,
if you're mad,
you should tell us.
It's entirely possible we'd be able to say
or do something to make you feel better.
That's the other thing we do.
Did you say a lisp?
Yes.
-- Denny Denton was doing
Jesus with a lisp? -- Yes.
And that's why somebody
tried to blow us up?
Yes.
-- I still hate you, you know?
-- Yes.
Isaac had a stroke,
and somebody tried
to blow up the building.
We're not having
our best week, are we?
No...
but there's some good news
coming in 11 seconds, though.
-- Good news? What?
-- Yeah.
-- You ready?
-- Three minutes to air.
First team
to the studio, please.
Have a good show.
Hang in there with us,
Natalie.
Jeremy?
The network.
I'll tell them I can use Sally's
help, but I'm gonna run my show,
and J.J. can take a seat
in the bleachers.
Whatever you need.
I need you,
and I need Isaac back,
and I need people to stop
trying to blow up the building.
-- You got me.
-- That's a start.
Let's go! Two minutes!
Let's eat 'em up!
Isaac's watching tonight.
And I think you are absolutely
right about Jeremy, by the way.
Refusing to accept
the breakup?
Do not accept it.
It is not recognized.
It is not valid.
I agree.
Roll VTR.
60 seconds live.
Stand by 2, 2A, 4, and 5.
-- Loafing FIX-B
-- FIX-S is waded.
-- No, it's not.
-- It's loaded.
'Cause I just loaded it now.
I will kill you both
with my hands.
-- You're all set. Have a good show.
-- Thank you, Alyson.
-- Alyson...
-- Yes?
Don't stand
too close to this wall.
[Knocking]
It's not real.
In fact, everybody listen up.
[Snaps fingers]
The metallurgy, the structural
wiring, the glass --
I know we've come to think of this place
as home, but it's a shooting gallery.
If you hear ticking,
run for your lives.
Okay, good show.
Dave: 30 seconds live.
I'd just like to confirm for everybody
that I am Jeremy's girlfriend.
-- I am his girlfriend, and he's seen
me naked many times. -- Natalie!
Sometimes
I do a little dance.
-- Eyes front, mister!
-- Dave: In 10.
-- Dan.
-- Yeah?
I just wanted to say
that if anything terrible
ever had to happen
to one of us,
I'd want it to be you.
Thanks.
In 3...2...
Good evening.
From New York City,
I'm Dan Rydell
alongside Casey McCall.
Those stories, plus
an Avalanche in Colorado,
Lightning in Tampa Bay,
and Warriors
in the Golden State.
We've got the Suns
moving into Phoenix,
Hurricanes in Miami,
but guess what.
Pluto's still a planet.
All that coming up after this.
You're watching “Sports Night“
on CSC, so stick around.
[Rock music plays]